bicepparam usage in azure pipelines (#120346)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-resource-manager/bicep/add-template-to-azure-pipelines.md

### Use Azure Resource Manager Template Deployment task

> [!NOTE]

> As of version 3.235.0 of the [Azure Resource Manager Template Deployment task](/azure/devops/pipelines/tasks/reference/azure-resource-manager-template-deployment-v3) usage of [bicepparam](/azure/azure-resource-manager/bicep/parameter-files) files is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> As of version 3.235.0 of the [Azure Resource Manager Template Deployment task](/azure/devops/pipelines/tasks/reference/azure-resource-manager-template-deployment-v3), usage of [bicepparam](/azure/azure-resource-manager/bicep/parameter-files) files is supported.
```
Fixing formatting and punctuation

        resourceGroupName: '$(resourceGroupName)'
        location: '$(location)'
        templateLocation: 'Linked artifact'
        csmFile: '$(templateFile)'
        csmParametersFile: '$(csmParametersFile)'
        overrideParameters: '-storageAccountType Standard_LRS'
        deploymentMode: 'Incremental'
        deploymentName: 'DeployPipelineTemplate'
    ```

1. Update the values of `azureServiceConnection` and `location`.
1. Verify you have a valid `main.bicep` file in your repo.
1. Verify you have a valid `main.bicepparam` file in your repo that contains a [using](/azure/azure-resource-manager/bicep/bicep-using) statement.
1. Select **Save**. The build pipeline automatically runs. Go back to the summary for your build pipeline, and watch the status.

### Use Azure CLI task

> [!NOTE]
> The [az deployment group create](/cli/azure/deployment/group?view=azure-cli-latest#az-deployment-group-create&preserve-view=true) command requires only a bicepparam file. The `using` statement in the bicepparam file can target any supported location to reference the Bicep file. A Bicep file is only required in your repository when `using` from a local disk path with Azure CLI.

> [!NOTE]

> > When using a *[bicepparam](/azure/azure-resource-manager/bicep/parameter-files)* file with the [az deployment group create](/cli/azure/deployment/group?view=azure-cli-latest#az-deployment-group-create&preserve-view=true) command you cannot override parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When you use a *[bicepparam](/azure/azure-resource-manager/bicep/parameter-files)* file with the [az deployment group create](/cli/azure/deployment/group?view=azure-cli-latest#az-deployment-group-create&preserve-view=true) command, you can't override parameters.
```
Edits for Microsoft style.
